good and as I said do not worry
for the sales of the xbox one when I
he was president of sony america and looted
ts 3 this one was selling bullshit was very expensive
and had are the real games but to
the final ended up surpassing in sales to
xbox 360 that's why I decided to apply the
same strategy with the xbox one that's why
no wonder it has come out
very expensive bandage much less than the ps 4 and
for now I have lost the
exclusive of rising rising good as
I'll leave you with a carl that supports us
talk about the next finger in the ass that
I have prepared for show
As you know tomb raider bastards
has the best stars
tits and ass from Samus and already
that with the tom raider from last year to
everyone stopped his ass because
It was a great game, so it's
my pleasure to say that the sequel will be still
more incredible but the saunier only
You can play it because surely
will prefer to buy uncharted 4 so to
take it for ass because it's exclusive to
microsoft like this is face asses rise of the
tomb raider is exclusive to xbox one and
xbox 360 so the sounds can
put petroleum jelly on the uncharted 4 and
put it in the I want to make me take
a black
Lord we hear that
sounds are destroying their ps4's
Massive form by Tom's exclusive
raider went to the cock all
not me in for me I 'm already dead
or not
dear are years I am pleased to know that
are imputed by the exclusivity of
rise of the tomb raider I know that the
news was a bucket of cold water without
However, I do not want to trick them
too tell them that I too
a bucket of cold water fell
to be frank face asses the exclusive
it's temporary so they'll just have to
wait a year longer than the boxers
boots another bucket of cold water
and
or the ass face I have a bomb news
opens a second channel called the great
king 2 of course you guys will ask and
what the fuck are you going to post on that channel
the answer is simple do not stop days
but I will upload videos with one more tone
serious that contain my opinion on
videogame news and the most
important I will not use the loquendo
but I will use my real voice so
subscribe to calculations